endemic with new support for the
self-employed our step-by-step action
plan is aiming to slow the spread of
coronavirus so fewer people need
hospital treatment at any one time
protecting the NHS is ability to cope at
every point we have followed expert
advice to be controlled in our actions
taking the right measures at the right
time we are taking unprecedented action
to increase NHS capacity by increasing
the number of beds key staff and
life-saving equipment on the front line
to give people the care they need that
is why it is absolutely critical that
people follow our instructions to stay
at home so that we can protect the NHS
and save lives our action plan to beat
this pandemic is the right thing to do
but we know that people are worrying
about their jobs and their incomes
working closely with businesses and
trade unions we have put together a
coherent coordinated and comprehensive
economic plan a plan which is already
starting to make a difference big
employers like BrewDog dimpsons and
Pratt have already said that our
coronavirus jobs retention scheme means
they will protect thousands of jobs and
we are publishing this evening detailed
guidance on how the scheme will operate
so that other businesses can protect
jobs to small businesses are already
benefiting from the coronavirus business
interruption loans of up to 5 million
pounds which are interest-free for 12
months with 30,000 inquiries in just
four days
local authorities are already informing
over 700,000 retail hospitality and
leisure businesses that they will pay no
business rates this year and the new
hardship grant scheme providing cash
grants of up to twenty-five thousand
pounds where the smallest businesses is
now up and running
so if any business is struggling and
worrying they may need to lose staff I
would urge you to log on to business
support gov K and look very carefully at
what support is available before
deciding to lay people off I'm proud of
what we've done so far but I know that
many self-employed people are deeply
anxious about the support available for
them musicians and sound engineers
plumbers and electricians taxi drivers
and driving instructors hairdressers and
child minders and many others through no
fault of their own risk losing their
livelihoods to you I say this you have
not been forgotten we will not let you
behind we all stand together so to
support those who work for themselves
today I'm announcing a new self-employed
income Support Scheme the government
will pay self-employed people who have
been adversely affected by the corona
virus a taxable grant worth eighty
percent of their average monthly profits
over the last three years up to two
thousand five hundred pounds a month
this scheme will be open to people
across the UK for at least three months
and I will extend it for longer if
necessary you'll be able to claim these
grants and continue to do business and
we're covering the same amount of income
for a self-employed person as we are for
furloughed employees who also receive a
grant worth eighty percent that's unlike
almost any other country and makes our
scheme one of the most generous in the
world providing such unprecedented
support for self-employed people has
been difficult to do in practice and the
self-employed are a diverse population
with some people earning significant
profits so I've taken steps to make this
scheme deliverable and fair
to make sure that the scheme provides
targeted support for those most in need
it will be open to anyone with trading
profits of up to 50,000 pounds to make
sure only the genuinely self-employed
benefit it will be available to people
who make the majority of their income
from self-employment and to minimize
fraud only those who are already in
self-employment who have a tax return
for 2019 will be able to apply
ninety-five percent of people who are
majority self-employed will benefit from
this scheme HMRC are working on this
urgently and expect people to be able to
access the scheme no later than the
beginning of June if you're eligible
HMRC will contact you directly ask you
to fill out a simple online form then
pay the grant straight into your bank
account and to make sure no one who
needs it misses out on support we have
decided to allow anyone who missed the
filing deadline in January four weeks
from today to submit their tax return
but I know many self-employed people are
struggling right now so we've made sure
that support is available self-employed
people can access the business
interruption loans self-assessment
income tax payments that were due in
July can be deferred to the end of
January next year and we've also changed
the welfare system so that self-employed
people can now access universal credit
in full a self-employed person with a
non working partner and two children
living in the social rented sector can
receive welfare support of up to
eighteen hundred pounds a month the
scheme i've announced today is fair it
is targeted at those who need it the
most and crucially it is deliverable and
it provides an unprecedented level of
support for self-employed people as
we've developed the scheme I'm grateful
for the conversations I've had with the
Federation of small businesses the
association of independent professionals
and the self-employed and a range of
trade unions including the trade
in Congress but I must be honest and
point out that in devising this scheme
in response to many calls for support it
is now much harder to justify the
inconsistent contributions between
people of different employment statuses
if we all want to benefit equally from
state support we must all pay in equally
in future these last 10 days have shaken
our country and economy as never before
in the last two weeks we have put aside
ideology an orthodoxy to mobilize the
full power and resources of the British
state we have done so in the pursuit of
a single goal to protect people's health
and economic security by supporting
public services like the our NHS backing
businesses and protecting people's jobs
and incomes what we have done will I
believe stand as one of the most
significant economic interventions at
any point in the history of the British
state and by any government anywhere in
the world we have pledged that whatever
the resources the NHS needs it who got
promised to pay 80 percent of the wages
of furloughed workers for three months
up to 2,500 pounds deferred more than 30
billion pounds of tax payments until the
end of the year agreed
nearly 17-thousand time to pay
arrangements for businesses and
individuals made available three hundred
and thirty three billion pounds of loans
and guarantees introduced cash grants of
up to twenty-five thousand pounds for
small business properties covered the
cost of statutory sick pay for small and
medium-sized businesses for up to two
weeks per employee lifted the incomes of
over four million households with a
nearly seven billion pound boost to our
welfare system agreed a three-month
mortgage holiday with lenders and nearly
a billion pounds more support for
renters through the local housing
allowance and today we've announced one
of the most generous self-employed
support schemes anywhere in the world
despite these extraordinary steps
there will be challenging times ahead we
will not be able to protect every single
job or save every single business but I
am confident that the measures we have
put in place will support millions of
families businesses and self-employed
people to get through this get through
it together and emerge on the other side
both stronger and more United thank you
I think if we can take some questions
from the media turning first to Laura
Coons Berg from the BBC
thank you very much Chancellor you've
said you hope to cover nearly all of the
self-employed but what about people who
this scheme does not cover and when do
you hope the money will start coming
through and if I may we've been really
inundated with worries from people who
feel they're not safe at work we had a
message from someone saying their
employer was forcing people they said
everyone knows it's wrong that we are
being emotionally blackmailed by bosses
saying if we don't come to work people
will lose their jobs as the Chancellor
what do you say to employers who are
floating the rules like that and to the
deputy CMO if I may when do you now
expect the peak of the virus to be from
the most up-to-date information you have
please thanks Laura to your first
question this scheme if you look at
people who make the majority of their
earnings from self-employment this
scheme will cover 95% of them of the
people that it does not cover that last
5% those above the income threshold that
we set they're average incomes are about
200,000 pounds so we think what we've
done is reasonable proportionate and
fair and as I said covers 95% of all
self-employed people who make the
majority of their earnings from
self-employment so I think it is it is a
very generous scheme in that regard and
treats them with the same parity that we
did for employed in terms of the timing
our expectation is that this will be up
and running by the beginning of June we
will look to try and do it faster than
that but I don't want to promise
that we can't deliver today as I've said
before this is operationally complicated
we are already designing brand-new
schemes to cover the 90% of the
population that are employed here we
need to design another scheme on top of
that and we also want to give now four
weeks for people who haven't filed their
tax return yet from January an
opportunity to do so to benefit from
this scheme and I think that was a
trade-off that was worth making giving
people that little bit of extra time now
those late filers but that does have a
little bit of a knock-on impact about
when the scheme can be fully up and
running and I'll turn to to Jenny to
answer your second question around
workplace guidance and and that virus
timing so I think on on the workplace
guidance it's really important that
employers most of whom have been
extraordinarily supportive I think of
their employees stick to the normal
principles of workplace health we've
made it very clear I think what those
principles are if people can work from
home they should be able to if they
can't there may be a dictations that
they can do in the workplace and we've
also made it clear what sorts of
distances and practical measures can be
made to ensure people are safe so in
some ways although we're being more
specific about the public health
requirements in the middle of this
outbreak actually the same principles
about workplace safety apply and I know
the Health and Safety Executive were
reminding workplaces of that today
earlier on the issue of the the peak and
the epidemic I'm sure you will not be
surprised to know that I am NOT going to
predict a precise timing for that and
the reason for that is we are only just
starting to see a bite if you like in
the interventions the social distancing
that have been put into place it would
be far too early to predict that I think
we are starting to see some helpful
movement let's put it that way and what
we'll be looking for is a change in the
slope rather than being a very steep
curve upwards we will be looking for it
to be a gentler slope but we must not
take off it of the pedal people have
been really cooperative and I think in
the last few days the public have really
understood
this is something very serious and their
actions wherever they are will save
lives so to early to say yet but I think
starting to move in the right direction
thank you I've could turn next to Beth
Rigby from Sky Thank You Chancellor a
question for you on your scheme a big
ski but you can't get the money until
June you'll tell them people that they
can apply the universal credit but
there's a five-week wait for the first
payment can you guaranteed to people
watching this who are in immediate and
desperate need that if they apply for
universal credit that they will get an
advance payment in ten days or less to
tide them over and a question if I may
to the deputy CMO how many NHS staff are
currently unable to work because they
are unwell or self isolating it's
obviously an area of huge concern for
everyone Thank You Beth to your question
about people's immediate cash flow needs
- which of course were enormous ly
sympathetic - we've done a couple of
things with regard to universal credit
first and making it just more accessible
particularly for those who are
self-employed and more generous in that
regard overall in terms of the measures
I've already announced but in terms of
speed it is already the case and the
Department for Work and Pensions are
highly focused on this that people can
get an advance payment it almost
immediately after the claim so they do
not have to wait for the five weeks an
advance payment can be given almost
immediately certainly within days that's
very much what they are already doing on
top of that we have deployed extra
resources into local authorities
particularly to help those who are most
vulnerable with things like their
council tax bill which for many families
is a very large bill that they face
every month as the local authorities now
are in receipt of the extra money we've
given them and they can work in their
own communities to identify those most
vulnerable families that you've talked
about and ensure they get a little bit
of extra help to help tide through the
difficult few weeks and months ahead
and so I don't have the precise figure
with me this afternoon in relation to
NHS staffing but I'm sure my NHS
colleagues would do I think the
important thing is to I do recognize
that there are a significant number of
staff who are absolutely doing the right
thing as the rest of the public are in
taking themselves out of the workforce
if they are symptomatic and maintaining
the safety for the rest of the public
but particularly the vulnerable patients
and I think we have to recognize and
support that the two things we have been
doing to try and improve that as we go
forward that is the right thing to do
but we can help everybody I think number
one to be clear on what the workplace
guidance is and there are some very
helpful guidance through the NHS but for
particularly for people with in the
vulnerable group if you like with
underlying conditions I think some
people have interpreted that if they're
healthy and well but have an underlying
condition as perhaps needing to stay
right after the workforce but for some
of those people it will be appropriate
for them to work but on an individual
discussion with their workplace and then
I think the other issue obviously is I
know you'll be aware we are trying to
push forward on our testing programme
but right at the top of that list other
healthcare workers and our care workers
more generally and different own
responses for example in police under
their first-line response systems and
that's because we recognise that knowing
whether people have had the disease or
not brings people back into the
workplace now but it also means we know
what our resilience is going forward as
we move into the depths really of the
epidemic so it's it's for all of us to
do that and that's what we're trying to
do thank you
I can turn next to a Robert Peston from
ITV hello afternoon Robert oh well a so
my connection doesn't seem to be stable
so I'll give it a go so what about the
many people who've only recently entered
the workforce might not have three years
over counts and not even one year of
accounts how can they get
help secondly how long do you expect
this scheme to run for do you have an
estimated cost for the per month of the
scheme and finally did I hear you right
that when we're through this you intend
to equalize tax and national insurance
between employment and self-employment
essentially as a sort of form of natural
justice since they're all being bailed
out all of us are being bailed out on
the same basis and then finally for the
deputy CMO Chris what he said yesterday
the big problem in terms of ramping up
testing is a world shortage of the bits
and the kits
why didn't we order the kits weeks ago
when this first emerged as a problem why
did we wait till everybody else had
ordered kits
what was your first question exactly it
cut out for a second oh sorry so the
first question is significant numbers of
people have only entered my
self-fulfillment workforce recently and
they don't have accounts you know
certainly when our three-year accounts
they won't even have one year of
accounts how are you gonna help them
yeah so what we will do is for those
that don't have three years we will look
at whatever they do have whether it's
one two or three the thing is we're
looking at trading profits or parsha
profits obviously those can be volatile
year to year so where people do have
more than one year we will look to
average out over the years that was
something that many people call for
because it seems a sensible thing to do
to smooth out that volatility if people
only have one year we will be forced to
only look at the one year for people who
we don't know anything about that there
is really nothing we can do and that's
one of the complicated things we've been
wrestling with we are I think most
people accept that we have to use the
database of people we know about and
that have filed tax returns that's the
population that we have that I talk to
those at for tax returns and January
31st of this year all the late filers
which will give four weeks to for those
who are very recently self-employed we
do not we cannot operate a scheme like
this there is just too much complexity
both operation
leann fraud risk with that so we would
have to say to those people please look
at the extra support we've put into the
welfare system to help you at this time
but as I said this covers the vast vast
majority of people in terms of the time
frame for the scheme what we've said is
analogous to the employed scheme we
would do this for three months so
obviously if we are able to make
payments to people at the beginning of
June they would receive three months
payments at that one time back dated to
March completely comparable to the
employed scheme and we've got you a
question on tax I think the broader
point I would make is rather than be too
specific right now about future tax
policy is just an observation that there
is currently an inconsistency in
contributions between self-employed and
employed and obviously the actions taken
today which is very significant tens of
billions of pounds of support for those
who are self-employed treating them the
same way as those who are employed it
does just throw into light that question
of inconsistency and whether that is
fair to everybody going forward
especially especially as we look when we
get through this and we're all chipping
in together to right the ship afterwards
making sure that everyone is doing that
that as well and I think that's a very
fair and reasonable observation to make
at this time thank you in relation to
testing so I think with all of the
Ewings whether it be testing or PPA we
have ordered and we have planned ahead
but I think what the public perhaps will
recognize is that this is a brand-new
event it's a pandemic and every single
country is ordering at the same time
many of the reagents and the items that
are used are coming from some single
suppliers but many from international
suppliers many of whom have actually
been affected themselves by the pandemic
so I think this is not an issue of a
lack of forethought in planning it is an
unprecedented event and I think a few
other points which are worth while
thinking about it is a brand new virus
so even to understand how you might test
it you need to have the virus and
understand a little bit about it before
you can start and there is also a point
which is really
whilst we're dealing with coronavirus so
colleagues in public health England for
example on a day-to-day basis still need
to manage all the other individual
infections which are in the country and
some of those will be of higher
significance a higher risk for
individual people so it should be wrong
for us to be moving for example stop
from our daily work into this I mean on
a final point and I think chief medical
officer made the point yesterday the
evaluation of this is absolutely
critical so we do have evaluations
running now and I recognize we all want
to see these testing programs very
active but it is vitally important that
when we have a test we know it does what
we want it to do not that we have
incorrect information Thank You cooter
next to Jason groves from the Daily Mail
thanks Chancellor
can I ask you said I think that this
scheme will come into force in June what
self employed people are supposed to
live on until then you can also pick up
Roberts point on the future tax
treatment without getting into too much
detail which he obviously don't do at
this stage is it fair to say that you're
warning the self-employed that they may
well have to pay more tax in the future
and a question for Jenny Harris and
asked what those millions always now
cooped up in our houses are you at all
worried about the kind of health impacts
of that we've seen kind of supermarket
foods I'll spit there are you worried
about the impact of mental health
problems obesity drink problems in this
crisis Jason teal first question on
timing I refer to all I said previously
you know we've looked very hard at the
quickest possible way to deliver this
we are already delivering a brand-new
system to deal with the employment
scheme that we've set up which covers
90% of the population that will be up
and running by the end of April to
ensure that those businesses you know
can meet their payroll in April and and
use that scheme to pay their furloughed
workers it is ultimately the same group
of people
the same systems that need to do this so
we can do some of it in parallel that
some of it will have to be in sequence
and come afterwards
also because we've taken the decision to
allow people who are late in filing
their tax returns in January four weeks
from today the opportunity to file their
tax returns and benefit from this scheme
that also will have some impact on
timing which again I think is a
reasonable and sensible trade-off to
make in the circumstances they will get
three months in one go in June which
obviously will be welcomed and as I said
we have made available multiple other
avenues of support in the interim for
this population of people very
considerable investments both in the
welfare system through local councils
and other tax deferrals and you know
with regard to thing again I'm not
anticipating future policy I'm just
making the observation that I think it
is harder to sustain the argument that
if you're employed and paying a higher
rate of tax on the basis that you are
treated differently and now we're
treating everybody the same and at a
very very significant cost that we as a
country and as a society as we get
through this and all together are
figuring out once we get through this
how we how we then right the ship
afterwards you know this is an
observation that I think is eminently
fair to make now at this point and then
we can discuss in the future you know
how this we all come together to get
through this and I said to write the
ship and make sure that we get
everything back on track again thank you
and so yes I mean I personally and many
of my public health colleagues have made
it very clear that we recognize that
there are potential mental health risks
as well that we need to be looking after
our bodies and our minds at the same
time that particularly applies to our
very high-risk vulnerable group who we
have asked to almost take themselves out
of society for 12 weeks that's a really
big ask and it's why in the letters
which have gone out to them there are
specific links and suggestions around
mental health and mental health welfare
linking with every my matters all sorts
of links to do that but I might actually
put a more optimistic view as well which
is if people are not going out to work
and often that actually creates quite a
stress in terms of travel time they
more free time to themselves and it
might be the best opportunity the whole
country has to say I'm going to use my
one exercise session every day to ensure
that by the time this is over I am super
fit and so is my family and in fact if
you have something restricted it
suddenly becomes quite a pleasurable
event so even though you may not have
wished to jog along the street before
doing so now it might actually be quite
quite a relief and quite a positive
thing for us all to do brilliant thank
you George Parker from the FT Thank You
Chancellor you've made no secret at all
of the fact that scheme has been very
difficult to design would you accept
that it's open to abuse for example
people claiming the money and then
basically sitting at home and what would
you say to people thinking of
potentially abusing the system a second
one a number of medium-sized companies
have been in touch with us to say that
the Bank of England loan scheme isn't
working for them because they don't have
an investment grade what can you do to
help those companies in this so-called
squeezed middle and the quick question
to the deputy cm oh but don't think
we've ever really had a public
explanation of why this country decided
to stop testing people were suffering
with totems of coronavirus when every
certainly when the World Health
Organization's advocating that as a
policy and many other Asian countries
have done this with great success George
thank you on your first question first
about the the scheme look we are
designing these things at Pace as you
write identify I'd given the
circumstances I don't think we should
let the perfect be the enemy of the good
we accept that has some challenges
that's why we've put some of the
conditionality into the scheme to limit
some of the risks that you identified
for example making this for people who
have an actual tax return that we can
look at so we know that there are real
people who are genuinely self-employed
and not just telling us out of the blue
that they are that's kind of very
obvious check there will be a form that
people will have to fill in we will
contact them because we can identify
them ourselves who we think should be
eligible we will ask them to apply and
check a few other boxes just
confirm to your point that they are
still trading and some other things
which we can then later verify as well
so we will be able to actually put in
place some sensible compliance measures
in that regard to your to your second
point I think that's a very excellent
point
now we've obviously put in place a bunch
of different loan guarantee schemes to
provide credit to corporate UK there was
an issue with the commercial paper
facility that we had originally set up
with the Bank of England and it was for
people who had an investment grade
rating there are perfectly good private
companies that are credit worthy but
don't have that rating what we have done
is work with the Bank of England to find
a workaround for that so that we can
impute a credit rating from the
company's individual relationships with
their banks and in that way construct a
rating we think that will significantly
increase the addressable number of
companies it can now benefit from that
scheme the details of that are
imminently about to be published we've
and I thank the Bank of England for
working with us constructively on that
and what it will mean is that between
the coronavirus business interruption
loan scheme at the bottom end for
companies up to forty five million
pounds of turnover and the commercial
paper facility on the top end we will
now be covering 80 percent of UK
employment and 80 percent of corporate
UK turnover with those two schemes that
still does leave a small 20 percent gap
in the middle we are finding ways to try
and address that gap as well obviously
that's a little bit more challenging
because by definition those companies
are not as credit worthy and this is
taxpayer money we're putting on the line
and so we need to make sure that there
is some way that we are protected in
that regard but I think now that we have
an improved commercial paper scheme
we've got eighty percent of employees
and corporate revenue covered and
there's a there's a small gap that we
aren't actively working on to find some
creative solutions for and so I think
I'm just going to answer in two
different sections so the first one
about the w-h-o comments so I think the
comment do you were picking up with dr.
Charles saying
test test test but in fact we need to
realise that the clue for w-h-o is in
its title it's a
world health organization and it is
addressing all countries across the
world with entirely different health
infrastructures and particularly public
health infrastructures we have a
extremely well developed public health
system in this country and in fact
public health teams actually train and
others abroad we have supported w-h-o
through their go on process and some of
our epidemiologists have gone out to
Manila for example to support the early
response in in that area so the point
there is that they are addressing every
country including low and middle income
countries so encouraging all countries
to test of some type when you come to
the UK we have made it very very clear
there has been a plan right the way
through this which is entirely
consistent with the science and
epidemiology we started with the
containment phase and every early case
of this disease was followed through
every contact was traced exactly as we
would do for other diseases but
particularly noticing this one and of
course you're the viewers will be very
familiar with the fact that we had some
very strict and very successful
containment facilities but there comes a
point in a pandemic where that is not an
appropriate intervention and that is the
point really where we moved we moved in
to delay and although we still do do
some contact tracing and testing for
example in high-risk areas like prisons
or care homes that is not an appropriate
mechanism as we go forward at that point
what we need to do is focus on the
clinical management of the patients
first and foremost and then additionally
as I've said earlier on our health and
care staff and First Responder staff so
obviously as you if there is infinite
testing facilities and we are growing
them at pace and we will have them then
it moves to the public but we need to be
very careful about focusing where it's
clinically most valuable thank you and
to anima clover from The Telegraph
and it sorry we can't hear you hello
that what yes we can now make right
Chancellor when you look at the US
unemployment figures from today and the
number of people claiming universal
credit here does it make you concerned
that the queue could be worse than the
virus and secondly the deputy CMO has
previously suggested the lockdown could
continue on and off for six months are
you concerned that the economy could be
destroyed by then and a quick question
for the deputy CMO public health England
said 1 million members of the public of
Antibes cells sent self testing kits at
home who are these people be how will
you choose them and what will happen to
their test results and obviously I have
seen the numbers both from the US and
indeed here and you know of course
they're very they're very worrying these
are people's livelihoods their jobs
their financial security which is is now
being severely damaged I'm very
cognizant of that that's why we have
acted I think at incredible speed to put
together a number of different packages
of support to protect people's jobs and
incomes and provide them with financial
security what is going through what is
going to be a very challenging few weeks
and months there's no two ways about
that but we are taking the advice from
our medical and scientific advisors it
is the right strategy where we make the
right decisions at the right time to
protect people's lives but also control
the spread of this virus to a level
where we can cope with it which then
allows us from a position of strength to
decide how best to manage things from
that point forward but I absolutely
ignored this is going to be challenging
people's lives and economic livelihoods
are going to be impacted but I do
believe the measures of support that
we've put in place will make an enormous
difference to helping to alleviate some
of that hardship and I think to your I
think Jenny do you want to yeah I know
it's going to pick up I think the point
about lockdown was it potentially is
taken out of a context in the sense that
what I was saying was we may see
measures of lockdown
in forward over the next six months that
would not be an implausible outcome but
I'd also said I think that as we're
watching the curve it may be possible
definitely not now because we're only
just starting to get to some benefit
from this but we may be possible to
start moving that so the issue here is
about exactly as we have done all the
way through with this is about keeping
watching the epidemiology and flexing
those interventions at the right time in
the right place to deliver what we need
and obviously I think the whole country
and myself included will will want to be
back to normal as soon as we can
so I think mentioning a six-month it's
to give a a general look forward about
the sorts of lengths of this type of
pandemic but we have to remember also
that we have if we are successful we are
lessening the spike on the curve and we
are pushing it forward so assets assess
in some ways means pushing it forward
but not necessarily with the strengths
and interventions that we have at the
moment all the way through so that would
be the first point and I don't precisely
recognize the the the quote that you
were talking about in relation to public
health England but I think there are two
points probably one is we will want to
understand very quickly the way the
disease has traveled around the country
and through different elements of our
population so it may be that that quote
was in relation to work which will
almost certainly go forward in due
course understanding with the
proportionate sample of the population
who has had the disease and who has not
and that will give us a strong clue as
to when we know when the outbreak may
end completely so it's about
understanding through different age
groups and different vulnerable groups
what has happened which you cannot do
consistently for absolutely everybody a
whole population in the middle of an
outbreak but I think in relation to
other testing and who gets it and who
doesn't I think I've probably answered
that with the earlier one the absolute
point here is it is clinical benefit it
is the people who are
into hospital into our intensive care
units with acute respiratory distress
syndrome and pneumonia the same into the
wards and then those high-risk areas and
then on to our health care workers thank
you thank you we're out of time so just
in conclusion if I could say you know
today was about providing reassurance to
the millions of people who are
self-employed and and are anxious about
their security and their livelihoods I
think by any international standard the
package that we have outlined today
represents one of the most generous and
comprehensive ways to support those in
self-employment
anywhere in the world and I would
conclude by saying this to all of those
who are self-employed who were rightly
anxious and worried about the next few
months you haven't been forgotten we
will not leave you behind
and we are all in this together thank
you
[Music]